Release notes and highlights for 2.8.0 (#6788)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/release-notes/highlights-2.8.0.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-2.8.0]]
== 2.8.0 release highlights

WARNING: This release includes a hardened default security context for Elasticsearch containers. It is highly recommended to test against a staging environment before deploying to production.

[float]
[id="{p}-280-new-and-notable"]
=== New and notable

New and notable changes in version 2.8.0 of {n}. Check <<release-notes-2.8.0>> for the full list of changes.

[float]
[id="{p}-280-logstash"]
=== Logstash support

> ECK 2.8.0 introduces a new Custom Resource Definition (CRD) and controller to easily deploy and orchestrate link:https://www.elastic.co/logstash/[Logstash] on Kubernetes.

Author: @robbavey @jsvd @kaisecheng 👋 please feel free to suggest anything you would like to see mentioned in the release highlights for ECK 2.8.0 regarding Logstash 🙇

Reviewer: I leave it to the Logstash team to add ab bit more here, but I would at least include a link to the documentation here, to make it easier for users to start using it.

Author: @robbavey @jsvd @kaisecheng I would like to merge this one tomorrow, could you please add your notes. Thanks! 🙇 

> I would at least include a link to the documentation here, to make it easier for users to start using it.

There is a link to the quickstart just below. My thought was that this might be a good entry point, I'll let the Logstash team make the changes if they think it should be changed.

Refer to <<{p}-logstash-quickstart>> for more information.

[float]
[id="{p}-280-hardened-es-security-context"]
=== Hardened Security Context for Elasticsearch container

The default `SecurityContext` of the Elasticsearch containers has been hardened, it includes the following specification by default:

[source,yaml]
----
securityContext:
  allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
  privileged: false
  readOnlyRootFilesystem: true
----

> For Elasticsearch version above `8.0.0` the containers `SecurityContext` also include the following capabilities settings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Elasticsearch versions above `8.0.0` the container's `SecurityContext` also include the following capabilities settings:
```

[source,yaml]
----
securityContext:
  allowPrivilegeEscalation: false
  capabilities:
    drop:
    - ALL
  privileged: false
  readOnlyRootFilesystem: true
----

> Starting with Elasticsearch `8.8.0`, `runAsNonRoot` is also enforced to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Elasticsearch `8.8.0`, `runAsNonRoot` is also set to `true`:
```
